Add delivery pipeline and update dependencies (#16)
myuw-web-components/myuw-app-styles: README.md

## How to use

To use the "UW-Madison White" theme, for example, import the component and add the "uw-madison-white-theme" class to your page's body element, like so:

```html
<!-- import the module -->
<script type="module" src="https://cdn.my.wisc.edu/@myuw-web-components/myuw-app-styles@latest/myuw-app-styles.min.mjs"></script>

<!-- fallback for browsers without ES2015 module support -->
<script nomodule src="https://cdn.my.wisc.edu/@myuw-web-components/myuw-app-styles@latest/myuw-app-styles.min.js"></script>

<body class="uw-madison-white-theme">
    <!-- ... -->
</body>
```

To avoid flashing unstyled text, this component also uses [FontFaceObserver](https://github.com/bramstein/fontfaceobserver) to determine when UW-Madison theme fonts are loaded and updates `<body>` with the attribute `myuw-font-loaded`

> _Note:_ The evergreen "latest" version can be used for convenience, but in production settings it is recommended to use the latest [release version](https://github.com/myuw-web-components/myuw-drawer/releases) specifically, and upgrade only after testing!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note:_ The evergreen "latest" version can be used for convenience, but in production settings it is recommended to use the latest [release version](https://github.com/myuw-web-components/myuw-app-styles/releases) specifically, and upgrade only after testing!
```
